GitHub action multi cluster deploy (#171)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: 01-prerequisites.md

   [![Launch Azure Cloud Shell](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/includes/media/cloud-shell-try-it/launchcloudshell.png)](https://shell.azure.com)

> 1. Fork this repository is required, and download it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repository first, and clone it
```

Author: done

>    > :twisted_rightwards_arrows: You'll be able to customize some of the files and commands for a more personalized and production-like experience; ensure references to this git repository mentioned throughout the walkthrough are updated to use your own fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > :twisted_rightwards_arrows: ensure references to this git repository mentioned throughout the walkthrough are updated to use your own fork.
```

Author: done

   ```bash

>    git clone https://github.com/<your user>/aks-secure-baseline.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   git clone https://github.com/<user-name>/aks-secure-baseline.git
```
